AstroCloud CLI Reference Guide (#294)
astronomer/docs: cloud/cli-reference/astrocloud-dev-stop.md

---
sidebar_label: "astrocloud dev start"
title: "astrocloud dev start"
id: astrocloud-dev-start
description: Reference documentation for astrocloud dev start.
---

## Description

> Stop all Airflow containers running on your local machine. Unlike `astro dev kill`, this command does not prune mounted volumes and will preserve data associated with your local Postgres Metadata Database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pause all Docker containers running in your local Airflow environment. Unlike `astro dev kill`, this command does not prune mounted volumes and delete data associated with your local Postgres Metadata Database. If you run this command, Airflow connections and task history will be preserved.
```
